Allow me to introduce my selves:

1a. What is your real name, or more commonly known online alias. As well, how old are you? (any and all personal information will be kept confidential. Admin will never ask for your SIN or Bank Account number...though if you'd like to volunteer it...) - Existing players need only give us their existing alts.

1b. Have you ever role-played online in the past (MU*, Forum, MMO)? If so please share your more prominent characters and where they're from. - This section is for new applicants only

1c. What is your e-mail address?

1d. Macross: New Horizon operates off consent-based role-play. Please tell us what you believe consent based RP to be. - This section is for new applicants only

1e. How did you find out about us? Optional, but we like to know who to send the bonus recruitment checks to. *sagenod* - This section is for new applicants only

1f. What is the land speed velocity of an unladen Gyararashi?

Basic Training

2) What type of character are you applying for? FC, OFC, Established OC, or Rookie OC? (in case you missed it, FCs and OFCs are generally held to slightly higher standards due to their high profile, high demand nature)

3) Fill in the following fields.

Name: Your character's name

Date of Birth: When was your character born? (Just count back from 2051 to get the correct year for your character's age)

Race: What species is your character? Human, Zentran/Meltran, Zolan, some hybrid of two of the three?

Faction: What faction does your character belong to? (UN Spacy, Anti-UN, Mercenary, Pirate, or Civilian)

Function: What does your character do? Pilot, Ship Captain, Doctor, Asshole rock star (yes we're looking at you Basara!)

Rank: What is your character's rank? (if applicable)

Wealth: Indicate what wealth rating you'd like your character to have as explained in Economy. Anything over 5 will need a decent amount of justification

Quote: Give us a quote your character is likely to use, just a simple tag-line to sum them up. see: "Listen to my song!"

Profile: Give us a paragraph about your character. Their profile should contain a very brief history as well as a couple points about their personality.

Sure she might be something to look at, but no heart.

4) Tell us about your character's personality. What makes them who they are, their general mannerisms, their outlook on life in space, how they view other factions/races and all that juicy stuff. Also tell us why you feel that others would want to RP with your character in particular.

5) Explain your character's history to us. What got them started doing what they're doing, why did they come out to the butt-end of nowhere to join the Horizon Fleet. OCs largely have free reign so long as they stick within Macross canon. FCs need to remain accurate to their canon-stated history, the only deviation allowed is that critical reason of "why are they on Horizon?". OFCs need only remain within the bounds of the profile info we've been so kind to provide you. :P

6) Optional: Do you have a long-term plan for your character? This isn't something you absolutely must share, but if you've some manner of intended outcome to happen for your character down the road (aside from "being the best <blah> in the colony fleet!") then telling us now will make it easier for the admin to either help you work towards that goal, or adjust it to clear up any conflicts with existing theme, etc.

"Luck is one of my skills." "I know, that's what's got me so worried."

7) Now for the tricky part. Time to pick out your starting Stats and Skills. There is one theme you're going to see over and over here: be reasonable. While we don't have hard-set point totals there are some basic limitations please observe them. Admin have final say on this area, the more discretion you show the more likely we are to not change what you request.

Generally speaking most characters will have somewhere around 15-20 skills total. Also, Luck is determined via random chance at application, so do not provide a value for this when defining your other 5 main physical stats

FCs - Pick what reasonably reflects your character's abilities. For instance: while Max might warrant a 10 in piloting, Hikaru Ichijo does not.

OFCs - Your primary and secondary skills are already determined. You can however select tertiary skills to add a personal touch to your chose character.

Established OCs - You have the most flexibility here so long as you don't try to cap every single ability. The maximum you can request for any one given stat/skill at this time is 8. Bear in mind: if you want to "dual class" and specialize in two fields, you need to determine which one is favored over the other or have both fields be fairly mediocre if neither is a true focus.

Rookie OCs   -You're a bit more limited currently. For physical stats: Humans are allowed one attribute at 5 while the remainder have a max of 4. Pure Zentradi may push either Strength, Endurance, or Intelligence to 6 provided they subtract 1 point from a secondary field. Zolans may do the same with Spirit.
                          -Rookie OCs may pick 2 skills to place at rank 5, you can select 5 skills to be at rank 4, skills rank 3 and under currently don't have a hard limit to what you can request and should reflect your character's abilities/education. Again - be reasonable.

8) OFCs and FCs: Please include a sample pose for your character. Keep it no more than two paragraphs in length and not a combat pose. We like depth of character outside of battle as well y'know! :P

The extra stuff

9) If you require specialty equipment of some manner please list it here. VFs, a new room added to the grid (not player housing), etc. Note on Vehicles: If you request a vehicle that we don't already have a stat profile for you'll be expected to provide one. Admin have the right to edit or even outright refuse the profile you provide if it's deemed too outlandish or not fitting for the machine. Good vehicle profiles can be found at http://unsd.macrossroleplay.org/statistics.php . Currently full blown custom VFs are not allowed at application.

10) If there's anything else about your character you'd like to add, please put it here.

And that's it! You're done! Finito! Complete! Mail your completed application to macrossmu@gmail.com and use the following subject: "Macross Character Application - <Character Name> - OC/FC/OFC". Once again, please wait up to seven days for your application to be processed before poking staff regarding it.